the stock market has risen considerably
since late 2016 the Dow broke twenty
thousand and the S&P has risen as well
leading up to this moment
there was significant stagnation
as soon as qe3 stopped the market did
too now there has been renewed
confidence what exactly has the stock
market been rising on you came here for
the truth
sold let me unveil that for you today we
are going to look at the stock market in
the US I also want to look at Greece I
want to look at a few other issues let's
begin with this SMP 500 rallied as
consensus adjusted EPS was revised down
EPS earnings per share we're looking at
that and approximately since October we
can see that the SNP has been rising
considerably percentage-wise and then
you compare that to the adjusted EPS and
you will see particularly since about
January it has dropped off a cliff
what's happening exactly what is the
market expecting to happen in the near
future my question though here is what
has been making it rise in the first
place is the economy doing well all of a
sudden has all of that QE made its way
into the system yet has it created
inflation has it been able to support
the economy you can't just print it and
have no consequences where are those
consequences well let's look at this
first SMP 500 return has been driven
entirely entirely by PE expansion that's
as of February 16 27 2017 back from
November 8 okay so you're looking at
this the EPS level the expected growth
and the forward p/e and you get your
totals here on
right hand side and you can see that
particularly financials that's being
Goldman Sachs in particular information
technology industrials and it goes on
and this shows you how the p/e expansion
which if it gets to a certain level is
very dangerous we turn back the pages in
history look at the dot-com boom where
you saw the p/e ratios go to
astronomical levels where you would see
some stocks at a hundred price earning
ratio that's not sustainable that's not
realistic
and they were trying to at that time
we're trying to suggest to everyone that
you need to accept the new normal that
this is tech stocks okay everything is
gonna be different now and then of
course that was in with biotech stocks
and everything else that they try to
make it seem as if you know new sectors
or new technologies or new advancements
suddenly break the rules and it could
break the rules temporarily but it
always reverts to the mean always this
is one of the things that I always look
at and I believe it is very crucial
which stocks have caused the rise and
you look at this in particular goldman
sachs sessions a few lines i'll bring
out the the pen here and you can see
that the top one the blue line is
goldman sachs and then under that line
you have JP morgan which is basically
been trading along the same lines to
less of a degree though but they're
pretty much trading together and then at
the bottom you have the Dow Jones and
the SNP so they have risen you know this
is going back now let's say since August
or September and you will see that it's
a 10 percent or a 5 percent somewhere
around that range of an increase it's
done well in that timeframe but when you
compare that to Goldman Sachs and JP
Morgan you're looking at JP Morgan being
a 36% increase in just off to the side
over here is Goldman Sachs at a 50%
increase in the time frame and
we'll see once again that during that
same period of time as I showed you on
the other chart that October November
timeframe
since then it has risen significantly
all that stagnation nothing was going on
flatlining and all of a sudden it hits a
boom
this one stock here Goldman Sachs has
been responsible for much of the rise
and you look at it JP Morgan as well you
have to figure which stocks is it the
market which has risen or is it
particular stocks I don't like to see
particular stocks rising because if you
extract those stocks from the particular
sectors all of a sudden you have a very
very different picture you know if you
take the top let's say three stocks out
of each category the market takes a big
turn and the reason the reason why this
happens I've said it a hundred times
before is that central banks have the
incentive programs where they can
purchase stocks at a preferred price
preferred rate not the rate that you and
I get and they buy individual stocks yes
they may buy both Goldman Sachs and JP
Morgan but let's say they do it
80% Goldman 20% JP and that's just an
example but this is a program that has
been public it's been made public that
they do this they buy shares central
banks buy shares across the world they
buy equities they buy into different
bonds they buy everything and they do so
with printed dollars let's fake money
rising these stock markets yes there
could be real sentiment here but
ultimately the money that you and I have
that we put into the stock market not
that I have any money in the stock
market but the money that the middle
class the average worker would put in to
the stock market doesn't move the market
it doesn't move the market the central
banks are what moves the market they
create liquidity they are the ones that
move the market you and I don't change
it you and I can't change it if we had a
billion dollars to move that market we
couldn't do it
it doesn't work
that alright and then you look at this
ten-year averages of annual growth rates
and it just seems like growth has been
stagnating decade after decade the rise
that we have seen you see it as I've
said in particular areas you'll see
housing being booming you know
throughout 2000 and onward but
ultimately a lot of other sectors were
not doing so well and then you saw the
weakening occurring and it was a panic
because okay well there's nothing else
left where is the money gonna go and
then you know a lot of money went
towards commodities leading up to 2008
and then everything took a nosedive and
you see all the markets now trading all
together instead of this asynchronous
sort of vibe that was supposed to happen
before so you have cycles okay well if
equities are going down that I'd put my
money in cash or maybe I'd put my money
in bonds or I'd look to foreign
investments because you know this
country is still doing well whereas the
country I've currently invested is not
doing well now everything just moves up
and down all together
why because central bank's asked it up
let's move this on Greece I love to pay
attention to Greece because they are a
very good example of what is going to
happen all over the world selling off
their most precious assets and this is
the type of thing that people don't
understand they're saying look I want my
things to be privatized I'll vote for
that no problem and in principle I
completely understand why you would want
reduced budgets for the government but
unfortunately what just happens is you
end up paying practically the same price
for something and now you gave that
money that contract to somebody who's
friends with somebody on the inside of
the government that's all that happens
very good example here in Toronto they
have been contracting all
the government workers whether that's
the garbage pickup or the water
departments or anything else they simply
just give that contract to another
corporation which is buddy-buddy of
friends and ultimately the service isn't
any better you're not getting anything
else out of it you still pay the same
amount taxes haven't been reduced at
least here in this example I mean they
make up some lies all time but it's not
it's it's getting worse
taxes keep increasing look at this
Greece is in the crisis that never is
the crisis that never goes away for the
European Union with another tense
negotiation with creditors scheduled for
this coming week struggling to recover
for the longest downturn in the eurozone
the budget slashing or austerity
policies and reform medicine required by
creditors have done little to revive
growth well of course
choking somebody doesn't make the air go
back in it's like if you want to keep
the air in the lungs Lynch you should
cut off the breathing supply to the
individual that's what's happening oh we
want him to swim better let's put a ball
and chain on his leg and see what
happens leaving Greece even more
dependent on the three international
bailouts the country's received since
2010 every bailout means they'll then
have to do another bailout well every
time they go ahead with this they take
more and more and more from the people
the people keep losing out the people
keep losing out and you may say look
they shouldn't have this or they
shouldn't have that they should be
spending on their pensions they
shouldn't be spending on this and that
you you have to realize that this isn't
why the economy is destroyed it's
because of the CBS credit default swaps
that is the number one primary reason
why Greece is in the situation right now
and then you go further back and you
realize that they are on the Euro which
is the completely opposite thing that
they should be on I mean it's too strong
for the economy of Greece and it's okay
to have a weak currency that just means
that you'll be better for exports it'll
be great for exports if they around the
drachma
ever went to the euro in the first place
all of a sudden you would have economies
being able to boom some sectors being
able to boom I understand it I get that
and I think it's great sure there would
be short term fiasco that would occur if
they were to go off the euro I'm saying
they should have never have been on it
in the first place it's okay not to be
on the euro that's what people don't
understand you're leaving Europe
don't leave Europe yes the landmass is
just going to separate and you know fly
off into another part of the world no no
it's it's not like that don't worry
about it the brexit they're not leaving
Europe they're not gonna going to fly
away I assure you okay this was
interesting here Greece is black marks
on out so now individuals have to go to
the black market that's simply the way
that this is happening now
Greece has been going to off the books
Greece's black market is estimated at 20
to 25% of the GDP 20 to 25 percent
simply because more people have stopped
recording their income to avoid paying
taxes that by some estimates have risen
to 70% of an individual's gross income
70% taxation where are you going to get
any growth when you tax people at these
rates this is stupid
this is dangerous and it is ruining the
country of Greece permanently if you
want to destroy Greece apply taxation of
70% if you want to destroy Greece have
the IMF dictate the policies and
procedures for what will happen and if
you want to destroy Greece simply keep
doing what you are doing
moving on Fukushima you may have heard
of it
oh yeah it's that thing that's polluting
the whole world that's right another
robot another robot has died in the
depths of one of Fukushima nuclear
reactors
attempts to locate and remove melted
radioactive fuel continue the second
robot in two weeks to die second these
robots are designed to go in to these
radioactive areas and do their
measurements and collect samples
whatever it is they're doing whether
they keep dying what happens then when
individuals going well just recently
they are suing an individual worker is
suing because he has cancer now and
everybody's gonna find out in this area
that there has been a widespread case of
cancer should that surprise anybody
obviously not this thing is spilling out
into the world but you know what maybe
maybe that was wasn't I shouldn't say
that I shouldn't say that because
everything's fine
you know TEPCO did this report and this
is actually from the AI a a.org website
okay we're looking at official stats I
always show you the actual document
you'll hear people and the alternative
news or the mainstream media's even
there they're just as bad
they never shown you actual documents
you know they talk about TEPCO said this
and Goldman Sachs said that but where is
it show me show me well that's what I
try to do anyway
TEPCO said this is funny I actually it's
not it's not funny but it's ridiculous I
guess is the more of the word TEPCO
publishes the results of the analysis
conducted on the seawater sample during
the discharge operation at the nearest
sea water sampling post the results show
that the radiation levels of seawater
remain lower I said lower than the
density limits specified by the very act
reactor regulation a significant change
in the radioactivity has not been
observed you could just go and boldly
lie like this and get away with it
that's when you know that the media is
entirely complicit with all these
government's with all of the big
corporations every single time
I mean look at IG Farben what happened
during World War two
their facilities perfect condition
perfect condition
nothing nothing went wrong with them the
whole place is bomb note IG Farben
totally fine then it's you know because
of the conditions during world war two
they said you know what you got to split
up now it's bare and it's one of the
biggest companies in the world so you
know there might be a little bit of
collusion within the government I don't
know I'm not an expert but maybe maybe
there is and then you have this last but
not least scientists have discovered how
to find your bad memories and delete
them from your mind for good are you
feeling sad are you feeling tired are
you feeling lonely don't worry about it
they're gonna stick something in your
brain and they're going to take that
feeling out this is the brave new world
2.0 no longer do you have to take your
prozac in xanax and Zoloft and whatever
they're called you just need to be
hooked up to these computers hooked up
to this whatever the heck they're gonna
do and they're going to extract those
quote-unquote bad memories maybe this is
good maybe it's beneficial for some
people but this will be used in order to
destroy some people in some way what is
this technology how they going to apply
it how they're going to use it will they
use it on people against their will
that's the difference if somebody signs
up for it somebody says sure I want to
take part in this I got some problems I
want to deal with them and this is the
method I want to choose to do so that's
fine that's Liberty but you can't go
ahead and say this person is crazy or
that or this and we need to apply some
sort of technology on this person to do
this to them I don't believe that this
is right I understand the good and the
bad and everything else this type of
thing it scares me it gives me a little
bit above brave new world sort of vibe
happening if you found this video
informative please give me a thumbs up I
wanted to say thank you thank you thank
you to each and every single one of you
because this channel this channel one
guy no production team no technological
any
here I got a little pen basically that's
it this is my best piece of technology
my circling device 40,000 subscribers
started in 2011 because I was pissed off
at what I saw in the news I decided to
make a youtube video about a couple
hundred people decided to watch it I was
grateful and then I just kept making
YouTube videos finish my book up and now
I've been sharing the message with
people all over the world
this is a channel based around Liberty
that's all it is there are many others
out there who do better work than me who
are smarter than me but what I have is
the dedication I try to make a video
every single day to bring the
information that I'm learning out to the
public and I hope that you do appreciate
it I hope that you will take the
information and then go out there and
then do more research make better videos
research on your own for your own good
take what I've said and expand upon it I
know there are so many more people out
there who are more knowledgeable more
intelligent in everything and I just
commend all of you to do what you have
to do for your own good for your own
self your family and everyone else last
but not least if you found the video
informative I know you will find my book
the money GPS even more informative so
head over to Amazon because they have a
look inside feature that will allow you
to flip through the pages of the book
and see if you like it take care if
you're still here at the end of this
extremely long video I just wanted to
say that unofficially my book is out
that is the new book global economic
collapse I haven't put any links in or
anything else because I'm waiting for a
second proof copy to hit my doorstep
where I'm just going to flip through it
quickly and just make sure that they
didn't screw it up by the initial proof
copy I went through I made a few changes
and then reordered another proof copy
however the book is up there it's it's
on for sale if you've lasted this long
into the video you're probably a fan of
my work it's their global economic
collapse once again
the actual links and everything will be
up soon if you want to hang on you can
do so if you want to get really set on
it you can actually order it now I just
wanted to make sure just 100% sure that
they didn't mess up the binding or
anything like that before I actually
make it official thank you